Legacy Recordings Week in Music October 21
- October 27
October 21 1957: Elvis Presley's "Jailhouse
Rock" goes to No.1 on the U.S. singles chart.
October 22 2000, Celebrating the tenth anniversary
of their first live performance as a band,
Pearl Jam appeared at the MGM Grand in Las
Vegas.
October 23 1963, Bob Dylan recorded 'The Times
They Are A-Changin,' "The Lonesome Death of
Hattie Carroll" and "When the Ship Comes In"
at Columbia Recording Studios in New York
City.
October 24 1960, Recorded only a little more
than a week earlier, the Tony Bennett single
"Marriage Go Round" b/w "Somebody" is released.
October 25 1968, The double album 'Electric
Ladyland' by the Jimi Hendrix Experience was
released.
Jimi had very specific ideas for the artwork
of the album, going so far as sketching out
a lay out and sending in photographs.
The cover shot he wanted was a photo of the
band by Linda Eastman (who would become Linda
McCartney).
Neither Track Records in the UK or Reprise
in the US used his ideas.
Track's cover was of 19 naked women and Reprise
used a shot of Jimi's head.
October 26 2008, AC/DC goes to No.1 on the
UK album chart with 'Black Ice' their fifteenth
studio album which went on to become a No.1
hit in 29 different countries.
October 27 1975, Two months after the album
Born To Run is released, Bruce Springsteen
had the rare privilege of simultaneously appearing
on the covers on both Time and Newsweek magazines
in the US.